DOCS: add docs for Azure ServiceBus Topic project template (#85)
arcus-azure/arcus.templates: docs/features/servicebus-topic-worker-template.md

---
title: "Azure Service Bus Topic worker template"
layout: default
---

# Azure Service Bus Topic Worker Project Template

## Create Your First Arcus Azure Service Bus Topic Worker Project

First, install the template from NuGet:

```shell
> dotnet new --install Arcus.Templates.ServiceBus.Topic
```

When installed, the template can be created with shortname: `arcus-servicebus-topic`:

```shell
> dotnet new arcus-servicebus-topic --name Arcus.Demo.ServiceBus.Topic 
```

## Features

Creates a starter worker project with by default configured:
* TCP health check probe ([official docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/health-checks?view=aspnetcore-2.2) & [Arcus docs](https://messaging.arcus-azure.net/features/tcp-health-probe)).

> * Empty message pump on Azure Service Bus Queue ([official docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-dotnet-get-started-with-queues))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Empty message pump on Azure Service Bus Topic ([official docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-dotnet-how-to-use-topics-subscriptions))
```

> * Docker building file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Dockerfile
```
